{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18420\viewh11640\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My Website\
\
\
Hi. My name is Whitney.    (Background Image)\
I\'92m learning to code.\
\
\'97\'97\'97\
\
My roundabout and abbreviated journey to coding:\
\
After learning the entire soundtrack to Annie at the age of 4, my parents handed me the easiest instrument a frequently moving 5 year old could cart around: a flute. Playing the flute was pretty much my life\'92s focus for the next 20 years. I practiced the flute a lot. After college graduation, I practiced more. I got a 9-5 job to pay the bills. I played my flute and taught lessons to some great kids (and adults). Stopped practicing as much. Got promoted at work. Worked too much.  Grew an interest in tech. Quit my job to learn to code. Built this website from scratch. Itching to learn more and make a career as a software developer.\
\
\'93The Constitution only guarantees the American people the right to pursue happiness. You have to catch it yourself.\'94\
-Benjamin Franklin\
\'97\'97\'97\'97\
\
Here is my resume (link) and related skills:\
\
I am a vanilla coder looking to be constantly learning and growing. Learning stages: HTML5, CSS, GIT, Javascript, Python, and Object-Oriented Programming. I have taken classes through udemy.com, lynda.com, and codecademy.com. Here is my GIT.\
\
At my previous job, I have worked on major projects including most recently a  2.5 year, multi-million dollar software application upgrade as a business analyst and tester in an agile environment. This particular project has inspired me to learn programming from the bottom up so that one day I too can build user friendly, powerful, profitable, and scalable applications. My goal is to create code that not only works effectively, but is best practice, efficient, and easily understood.\
in\
\'93To create is to live twice.\'94\
-Albert Camus\
\'97\'97\
\
A little bit more about me:\
\
I married an awesome dude. He\'92s a pretty great web developer who has also taught and inspired me to try my hand at becoming a software developer myself. We have a pretty amazing 4 year old. My most favorite thing is hanging out with them. \
\
We live in the suburbs of Chicago. I\'92m a fan.\
\
I love music and going to concerts. From Tori Amos, Genesis, and Muse concerts, to Puccini Operas and chamber music, to singing my best Tina Turner impression at our favorite karaoke bar. Our house is almost always filled with music of some sort. \
\
I love to read. Mostly fiction.\
\
I love going to Bikram yoga classes and trying not to fall while doing the Tree Pose.\
\
I love training and \'93competing\'94 in triathlons. (note, I am a solid middle-of-the-pack racer. I do not compete against anyone except myself)\
\
I love learning and teaching. The struggle and the process of both is so real and rewarding.\
\
I am an ENFJ, if you dig that sort of thing.\
\
\
\
\
\
}